[web-shared][web] Fix events tab search (#2107)
vercel/workflow: .changeset/events-exact-id-search.md

---
"@workflow/web-shared": patch
"@workflow/web": patch
---

> Add server-backed exact ID search to the Events tab. Pasting a full step ID (`step_`), wait ID (`wait_`), hook ID (`hook_`), or event ID (`evnt_`) fetches matching events from the API instead of filtering the loaded page client-side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow lookup of exact step ID (`step_`), wait ID (`wait_`), hook ID (`hook_`), or event ID (`evnt_`) in the event list UI.
```
